I'm sick and tired of being alone
Wanna be connected
Have a bond to hold on to
Just gonna lay it all out, how I feel
Listen baby makin' you happy
Whether you like it or not
Gonna be up in your ears
No run-in' away just wait for the beat to drop
Listen for a surprise
Every word will entice
Reality is overrated
You're not gonna outthink me
I thought of everything
You'll never get it, you can't keep up
So just stay out of my way
Be my good good good boys and girls
You think you're so tough?
Well, I had enough of it
I got something here that's better
Come on up and we can sing together
Fun unfettered
Get on stage, let's go
Wanna make your day
Do my thing loud and proud
No shame in what I create
I got this down
Everything exactly how we want it
This is a utopia
Been a long time comin', now it's here to stay
You can't deny
It's a miracle of mercy
You can't stop it if you try
I know it's possible
I'm not tryin' to ask too much
I wanna know how to give what you want
Explicate all you got deep inside
Don't need nothin' in return
Stay with me or I will Frrrreak out!
Wouldn't you rather be floatin' up high
To your cares sayin' “bye?”
Fanservice flowin' so free you could die
Just you and I, no ending in sight
It'll be super fun! Hee hee hee ha oh!
Don't you now I'm gonna make you a zealot
In here all logic has got to go
Please don't go!
Nobody here gets to leave, oh no!
No, no, no
I got the mic, and I'll never say good bye
Just follow the beat
Let the melody inspire
Luring you into enchantmen
Come on up and we can sing together
Fun unfettered
Get on stage, let's go
Wanna make your day
Do my thing loud and proud
No shame in what I create
I got this down
Everything exactly how we want it
This is a utopia
Been a long time comin', now it's here to stay
You can't deny
It's a miracle of mercy
You can't stop it if you try
I know it's possible
I'm not tryin' to ask too much
Salvation's got to come
This generation's done
It's tired of never being listened to
The screams were never heard
The suffering endured but no more!
Watch me rock this
They got nothin'
Up to me,
You just need to stay out of my way
There's no turnin' back now
Gonna be singin' jointly for all time
Blowin' your mind with my pace
Drummin' to burst your ear drum
Bring in the bass, guitar and keys
Macaferri got nothin'
On me, no
Ooo-wah! Oh let me hear you shout!
Banish every gaslight
Let clarity shine
Gotta clean up this brainwash
Don't let ‘em tell you lies, heads up,
Let my song clear your senses
All you really need
Is my true voice